hi guys i'm here to do one more quick
look that the physicians formula shimmer
strip and i'm going to do this look
without using any of the pink or purple
shade this first thing you're going to
do I've already you know done my face as
a blank canvas I don't have any blusher
or highlight or anything like that on
I'm just going to take the Goldie shade
right here and just apply that to the
entire lid using less
at the arch of the brow the brow bone
rather just going to concentrate most of
that yummy warm color up there and then
just blend up here and then next we're
going to take that really bright
brighter yellow shade Goldie shade
and apply that in the crease as a nice
warm crease I later you can see that's
picking up it doesn't look as yellow as
it does here it doesn't even look as
yellow as it does in the pallet on your
lid so you have a look a nice warm
golden color there next we're going to
take a crease brush I'm using the
Coastal Scents see 139 and I'm just
going to take the color right underneath
the purple there just above the color
that we were just using to get a little
bit more definition in my crease
this is definitely a much softer look
now at this point you could do two
things you can take your liner brush and
use this dark dark brown shade or you
can use your cream liners and use the
brown shade on the cream liners i'm
going to show you the look with the
cream liner i'm using a nice thin angled
brush
just like that
can see I've turned the brush in the
other direction and then I flip it right
background
to get that nice angle
even the mat now
this is going to be close enough since
i'm doing a quick look okay now i'm just
going to curl my lashes and apply some
mascara so this is a way to get to use
this very bright fun palette to do you
know something very simple and soft but
at the same time it's going to because
these colors are meant to highlight
brown eye color it's going to give your
eyes are really nice I'm just using the
Hypnose drama mascara
now since is a really quick look because
I'm running out the door I'm not going
to contour today I'm just going to apply
my contour color which is a bronzer
shade just as bronzer down my nose or my
forehead on the cheeks and the chin and
then just very quickly with my if I can
find and very quickly with my fam brush
I'm going to take that white shade and
just add a touch of highlighter cuz I'm
a little bit tired today so it's going
to brighten the look and then just write
down i knows so there is a super quick
look with the physicians formula shimmer
strip as you can see I've got the super
quick kind of we're on together hair as
well look at crazy but that's alright
and now i'm at the door thanks for
watching